hey everyone today I'm going to be doing
a makeup collection of stuff that I
brought with me to college I'll do dorm
tour soon as well as part 4 of my dorm
hall because I still have a couple
things coming in but for now this is my
makeup collection and also my nail
polish that I'm bringing or that I
brought with me to college so um
basically right here i have my dresser
and i put my makeup on top of it I have
this makeup mirror and it does
magnification on the other side and then
in this little bucket I have my perfumes
and have a picture frame here and then
another one that I clipped on the flower
and I'm going to print out a picture for
that in a little bit and then here in
this little organizer I have all my
brushes and then I'll get to this in a
second and then these little things i
have my sunscreen here this just has a
lip balm for now and then in the morning
I pick out my makeup or the night before
input in this bucket and in the morning
I can just use all that the makeup that
I wanna use for the day and then in this
thing I have a couple extra things that
wouldn't fit anywhere else like my
highlighter from went wild and my Urban
Decay palette and then if I have these
two sets of drawers and they're the
stair light little three drawer
organizers and so I'll start at the
bottom and this door I have all my
lipstick and lip balms have some wild
just basically my all my lipsticks I
left home not that many I just brought
the ones that I like to use and there
comes a left home Alone's that I didn't
we use very much and then the next door
has my lip glosses um so it's a lot of
pain and then I have an extra all my
eyeliners all of my eye shadow basis and
cream eyeshadows and my mascara and then
in this drawer I have some blushes I
have my concealers and then I have a
powder in my bronzer and some cream
blushes and then this floor has a lot of
my eyeshadow and then this drawer is
a lot of eye shadow so as you can see i
just have two little drawers and our two
little drawer sets and it fits pretty
much everything that I wanted to bring I
mostly just left behind the makeup that
I don't really use a lot so now i'm
going to show you my nail polish alright
so the lighting here isn't as good but
this is my desk i'm not going to show
you all of it because i want to show you
that in the dorm tour but in this middle
drawer i have all my nail polish and i
have oops and i have a bag of cotton
balls and q-tips I have a little
manicure set from Claire's I have nail
polish remover I have my cuticle oil and
then I have all my nail polish so this
was kind of my favorites and um not
including my more springy nail polishes
I'm not going to go through the names
and shades ask me if you see one that
you want to know the shade the shade
name of but I'm just going to go through
quickly I have a green one I have a grey
one of a black Halloween one I have a
forest green I have a bright purple have
a coppery bronzy color I have my top
coat / base coat I have a bright pink
one which I actually have on my nails
right now I have a orange color a
sparkly color a gold sparkly color mint
green a sheer color a sparkly blue color
a green color a baby pink a royal blue a
brown a sparkly purple a shimmery gold a
kind of orange color it's sparkly a kind
of light blue sky blue color and I show
that one yeah gold one and then my China
Glaze Hunger Games one and a white one
and last but not least a yellow color oh
wait no more my little peachy color that
I got from a limited edition NYC
collection and that's it and then the
back I just have some makeup bags so
that is my makeup collection and soon I
will do my dorm tour and the last part
in my dorm hall and if you have any
other ideas for college videos let me
know and I'll try to do this by